Congratulations on the exam! What did the boss take?
I’m telling you in this tone, apologize to Xianqing immediately!
Otherwise for!
Not today! Of course your daughter is a dog,
I think Yu is sick and it pains you to treat him.
Give him some treatment.
I just want you to know that I can cure it,
But if I don’t cure it, for whom?
Because my mother’s name is Yu Xiangyu.
What? Your mother’s name is Yu Xiangyu,
But your father understands Xiangyu, but your father understands Xiangyu. It’s really rare!
Your home is actually like this
In the past, synchronization was a source of pollution
Once I become a zero daughter, it will be legal
I go home with me
It has already been super indefinite
Went back to King Jia Mie